now I've actually always found something
that to be very true which is most
people don't get those experiences
because they'd never asked I've never
found anybody that didn't want to help
me if I asked them for help I always
call him up I called up this will date
me but I called up Bill Hewlett when I
was 12 years old and he lived in Palo
Alto his number was still in a phonebook
and he answered the phone himself you
know yes hi I'm Steve Jobs I'm 12 years
old I'm a student in high school and I
want to build a frequency counter and I
was wondering if you had any spare parts
I could have and he laughed and he gave
me the spare parts to build his
frequency counter and he gave me a job
that summer in Hewlett Packard working
on the assembly line putting nuts and
bolts together on frequency counters he
got me a job in the place that built him
and I was in heaven and I've never found
anyone who said no or hung up the phone
when I call I just asked and when people
ask me I try to be as responsive to pay
that that debt of gratitude back most
people never pick up the phone and call
most people never ask and that's what
separates sometimes the people that do
things from the people that just dream
about them you got it you got to act and
you've got to be willing to fail you've
got to be willing to crash and burn you
know with people on the phone with
starting a company with whatever if
you're afraid of failing you won't get
very far
you